concerning the divisions of the
gatekeepers of the Korra Heights Michele
Amaya the son of curry of the sons of
Asaph and the sons of Michele Amaya with
Zechariah the firstborn Jedi ale the
second zebediah Burford Jeff Niall
before--the Elam the fifth jeha hainan
the sixth le o ni descent or over the
sons of obed-edom where she mayor the
firstborn
jaha's about the second joah the third
cycle the fourth nathan l v a meal the
six miss occur the seventh p alpha the
eighth for god blessed him also to
shamaya his son were sons born who
governed their fathers houses because
they were men of great ability the sons
of shamea were Ethne rafail Obed and
ELLs Abed whose brothers Allah Hugh and
Samar kaya were able men all these were
the sons of obed-edom they and their
sons and their brethren able men with
strength for the work
sixty-two rev obed-edom and Michelle
Amaya had sons and brethren eighteen
able men also Xhosa of the children of
Moreira had sons Shem ray the first four
though he was not the firstborn his
father made him the first hill Chaya the
second tab Alya
the third Zechariah the fourth all the
sons and brethren of Xhosa were 13 among
these were the divisions of the
gatekeepers among the chief men having
duties just like their brethren to serve
in the house of the Lord and they cast
lots for each gate the small as well as
the great according to their father's
house the lot for the east gate fell to
shell Amaya then they cast lots for his
son
Zechariah a wise counselor and his Lord
came out for the north gate to obed-edom
the south gate and to his sons the
storehouse to ship him and Hosur the lot
came out for the west gate with the
shallick earth gate on the ascending
highway watchman opposite watchman on
the east were six Levites on the north
for each day on the south for each day
and for the storehouse two by two as for
the paba on the west there were fall on
the highway and two at the pada these
were the divisions of the gatekeepers
among the sons of korah and among the
sons of Merari of the Levites a Hydra
was over the Treasuries of the house of
God and over the Treasuries of the
dedicated things the sons of Laird an
the descendants of the gershonites of
Laird n heads of their fathers houses of
Laird and the gursha night
Jehiel ER
the sons of Jehiel i dzifa and joe his
brother were over the Treasuries of the
house of the lord of the amra mites the
is hides the hebrew nights and the Asya
lights
cheb you'll the son of Gershom the son
of Moses was overseer of the Treasuries
and his brethren by Eliezer were
rehabbing Josiah his son Jerome his son
zacchara his son and Shalom ahthe his
son this Shalom a--the and his brethren
were over all the Treasuries of the
dedicated things which king david and
the heads of father's houses the
captains over thousands and hundreds and
the captains of the army had dedicated
some of the spoils one in battles they
dedicated to maintain the house of the
Lord and all that Samuel the seer saw
the son of Kish Abner the son of nur and
Joab the son of Zarya had dedicated
every dedicated thing was under the hand
of Shalom ahthe and his brethren of the
is horites keneniah and his sons
performed duties as officials and judges
over Israel outside Jerusalem of the
Hebrew Knights hasha bye and his
brethren 1,700 able men had an oversight
of Israel on the west side of the Jordan
for all the business of the Lord and in
the service of the king
among the Hebrew Knights Jiraiya was
head of the Hebrew Knights according to
his genealogy of the fathers in the 40th
year of the reign of David they were
sought and they were found among them
capable men that jeiza of Gilead and his
brethren were 2700 able men heads of
their fathers houses whom King David
made officials over the Reuben nights
the gadites and the half tribe of
Manasseh for every matter pertaining to
God and the affairs of the king